java quiz : https://www.tutorialspoint.com/java/java_online_quiz.htm

playground : https://www.tutorialspoint.com/compile_java_online.php

primitive type vs reference type : http://inetizenseo.tistory.com/12

Q - What of the following is the default value of a local variable? (D)
    A - null
    B - 0
    C - Depends upon the type of variable
    D - Not assigned

Local variables are not assigned any value by default.

Q - Can we have two public classes in one java file? (B)
    A - True
    B - False

No, a java file can contain only one public class.


Q - Which of the following stands true about default modifier of class members? (C)

A - By default, variables, methods and constructors can be accessed by subclass only.
B - By default, variables, methods and constructors can be accessed by any class lying in any package.
C - By default, variables, methods and constructors can be accessed by any class lying in the same package.
D - None of the above.

By default, variables, methods and constructors can be accessed by any class lying in the same package.

Q - What is instance variable? (C)

A - Instance variables are static variables within a class but outside any method.
B - Instance variables are variables defined inside methods, constructors or blocks.
C - Instance variables are variables within a class but outside any method.
D - None of the above.

Instance variables are variables within a class but outside any method. These variables are instantiated when the class is loaded.


Q - What is true about a final class? (D)

A - class declard final is a final class.
B - Final classes are created so the methods implemented by that class cannot be overridden.
C - It can't be inherited.
D - All of the above.

Final classes are created so the methods implemented by that class cannot be overridden. It can't be inherited. These classes are declared final.

Q - What is Serialization? (B)

A - Serialization is the process of writing the state of an object to another object.
B - Serialization is the process of writing the state of an object to a byte stream.
C - Both of the above.
D - None of the above.

Serialization is the process of writing the state of an object to a byte stream.

Q - What is runtime polymorphism? (A)

A - Runtime polymorphism is a process in which a call to an overridden method is resolved at runtime rather than at compile-time.
B - Runtime polymorphism is a process in which a call to an overloaded method is resolved at runtime rather than at compile-time.
C - Both of the above.
D - None of the above.

Runtime polymorphism or dynamic method dispatch is a process in which a call to an overridden method is resolved at runtime rather than at compile-time. In this process, an overridden method is called through the reference variable of a superclass.

Q - What is currentThread()? (A)

A - It is a Thread public static method used to obtain a reference to the current thread.
B - It is a thread's instance method used to get thread count.
C - It is a object's public static method used obtain a reference to the current thread.
D - It is a object's instance method used to get thread count.

currentThread() is a public static method of Thread class used to obtain a reference to the current thread.